[electricity buzzes]
["This Fffire" intro playing]
♪ Eyes, burning a way through me ♪
♪ Eyes, destroying so sweetly ♪
♪ Now, there is a fire in me ♪
♪ A fire that burns ♪
♪ This fire is out of control ♪
♪ I'll burn it! I'll burn it! ♪
[music fades]
-[man wailing]
-[man 1] The Basilisk is down!
[man 2] That was one guy. How?
[man 3] The fixer's sold us bad intel!
-[man 4] So many dead.
-[man 1] Call for back-up!
[man 5] He's on the move!
[man 6] He's heading straight
for Night City.
[man 7] Cyberskeleton!
Can't allow 'Saka to recover it!
[Falco] Well? Where now?
[David] Arasaka!
-[Falco] HQ? City Center?
-[David] That's right!
[Rebecca] What in the hell for?
[David] We're saving Lucy!
[Rebecca] Why is she at Saka HQ?
[David] Faraday.
Rat bastard cut a deal with her.
[gasps]
Just gotta rest my eyes a sec.
For real? Jesus!
The meds are starting to wear off
faster and faster…
[gunshots]
[Falco] Hey, folks.
Militech's multiplying.
Shit! Shake 'em off.
David's gotta take five.
-What?! Right now?
-Yup.
[Falco grumbles] Okay. All right!
If he needs five, I'll buy him five!
[action music]
-[tire screeches]
-[gunshots]
Hold down the front, 'kay?
-Yes, ma'am! You leave 'em to me!
-[thuds]
-[gunshots]
-[metal clanks]
[tire screeches]
[laughs] Way to go, old man!
[Rebecca] Yahoo!
[laughing]
Yeah!
[Falco] Shit, another swarm ahead!
Arasaka this time!
Okie-dokie! Barrel on through!
Dunno, swarm looks pretty mad.
Better pull off.
Huh? Yo, come on!
[Douglas] Militech's forces
are nearly wiped out.
The test subject is already in the city
and our recovery team is in position.
But this will be hell for us to cover up.
This is exactly what we deserve
for trusting a fixer with our investment…
[Douglas] Based on his current trajectory,
we estimate a 74 percent chance
that this is his destination.
[Kate] Here? But why?
[Douglas] We're not sure.
He should have no knowledge
of our direct involvement.
[Kate] Well, fuck. Contact security.
[Douglas] Ma'am?
That would alert the higher-ups.
[Kate] We stir up a storm
and hide in the dust.
Christ, Faraday… so much for perfection.
[Faraday] Imagine that,
Arasaka counter intel
extending an invitation
to a lowly fixer like me.
Quite the promotion, wouldn't you say?
Unheard off, really.
[laughing]
Yet, even this leap, I consider
only a single step in my ascent.
Night City does not reward complacency.
[phone chimes]
[Kiwi] Faraday.
[Faraday] Kiwi. What's the hold up?
[Kiwi] David donned
the cyberskeleton as planned,
but didn't wipe out Militech.
Not completely.
[Faraday] Go on.
[Kiwi] Didn't think it possible,
but he's dippin' in and out
of cyberpsychosis…
gliding along the edge.
If David comes through without goin' full,
he's gunnin' for us next.
I know it.
[Faraday] He's clearly resilient,
for a chrome junkie.
But it's nothing Arasaka's recovery team
can't clean up, I'm sure.
Maybe. But I'm not about to chance it.
Did my part, so I'm skippin' town.
Zip me my eds, and we're done.
Contract closed.
Not quite. I'm en route to deliver
the runner girl to Arasaka.
I'll need you as backup.
Meet me at the drop point.
You'll get your cut then.
Besides, I'd hoped to see you
one last time.
We owe ourselves that much.
How sweet of you.
[Kiwi] What am I doing…?
♪ And it's hard to know ♪
♪ Is there no way out? ♪
♪ Life's short ♪
♪ Why does it take ♪
♪ So long ♪
[voice prompt] Walk…
Walk.
Don't walk…
-Don't walk.
-♪ Blame someone ♪
End of the line!
-Wakey-wakey, David!
-[Falco grunts]
[Doc] These immuno-blockers
are military-issued.
Nine times your customary dosage.
They should keep you
on the right side of crazy.
But they only delay the effects,
not erase 'em.
By the time ya hit the last vial,
understand this…
Whatever's still left of you, Davey,
will slingshot the other way…
-[groans]
-[Doc] and fly straight over the edge.
[intense dramatic music]
[grumbles]
[laughing]
Goddamnit. They just keep comin'!
-Huh?
-[machine whirring]
[Rebecca whoops]
That's the shit!
-[David laughing]
-Huh?
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[Gloria] You have to work hard
and rise through the ranks.
My son at Arasaka Tower top floor!
I can just see it.
You've got this, Dee.
Smartest person I know.
-[grunts]
-[electrical fizzling]
You're right, Mom.
I know I can, I'll do my best.
You got my word.
Arasaka, all the way to the top.
[sighs]
All right, David.
Let's go. To the top, then.
[David] I got these special meds from Doc.
If I start losing it,
I need you to shoot me up
so I can keep it together.
[groans]
David's meds. I don't think
they're gonna work anymore.
Yeah? So what's the plan?
Nothing's changed.
We knock on 'Saka's door.
With David in that kind of shape?
Gotta get him to Lucy.
Lucy?
She's the only one
who can maybe bring him back.
There's no one else!
[Kiwi] I'm not doing
any more work for you.
Is that so?
Such a shame.
-[gunshot]
-[Kiwi gasps]
-[Faraday] My contract stipulates…
-[Kiwi groans]
…I get rid of anyone
who knows about the cyberskeleton.
No special exceptions. Even you.
-[Kiwi grunts]
-[shocked exclaim]
Go! After her!
Comin' up on the Tower!
The hell do we do now?
-Don't ask me, I don't fucking know!
-[Falco exclaims]
David! Do the gravity thing!
[machine whirring]
[Rebecca] Woo-hoo!
Die, die, die, die!
You corpo dickheads! Die!
[laughing]
Bastards!
-Cut us a goddamn break!
-Come on!
-[Falco] Did we lose 'em?
-[Rebecca] Most, I think!
[both] Whoa! MaxTac!
[Falco] Three AVs?
Shit! They already tagged David a psycho?
We're in a tight spot.
Royally fucked if David
doesn't get his shit together, pronto!
Oh, you don't say!
MaxTac has been dispatched.
City authorities are treating this
as a cyberpsycho incident.
What a mess.
[Kate] This has escalated
far beyond a field test.
That damn boy.
We need to stop him
before he makes matters even worse.
I'm afraid that's impossible
at this stage.
He has to burn out on his own.
No one can stop him now.
[Kate] I can think
of one individual who can.
[Douglas] Who might that be?
[Kate] Adam Smasher.
[Douglas] You're serious?
[Kate] Utterly. Extreme situations
require extreme solutions.
[Douglas] But still…
The time it would take him to--
-[Kate] Not a problem.
-[Douglas gasps]
[Kate] He's here already.
Pending our field test, the cyberskeleton
was originally designated for him.
So if he can't use his new toy,
how fitting for him to destroy it?
Time to get gone.
Just drop out, why don't ya?
[David] What, are you afraid
of getting caught?
'Cause I know I sure as shit ain't.
[yells]
MaxTac freaks, come and get us!
Just fucking try!
[gasp]
[David] What the hell? Hey! Shit!
No way! You're just gonna leave us here?
Momma! Mom!
[grunting]
[woman] That a man or a merc?
[gunman 1] Just keep shooting!
Wait! Arasaka is handling the rest.
Code A.S… Pullin' out.
What?
Becca… How many vials we got left?
Down to one last one.
[chuckles]
Guess my clock's finally running out…
-Falco.
-[scoffs] Kiwi?
Huh? That two-timing bitch!
I'll fucking kill her!
[Falco] Huh? What am I looking at here?
[Kiwi] Falco, listen.
Faraday, he, well… My time's ticking down.
Got you too, did he?
Yup. [groans]
Did tag his AV, though.
Sending you coords…
Follow 'em, you'll find the bastard.
Really expect us to trust you?
I know, I know.
[sighs deeply] Oh, Kiwi, look at ya.
It just hasn't been your day.
[Falco] And Lucy?
She with Faraday right now?
[scoffs]
Mhh, you want that corphugger dead,
blood for blood.
[Kiwi] Nah, it's not like that…
Taught Lucy never to trust a soul
in this city.
Everyone turns on you,
some point or other…
Just figure Faraday's
long overdue to learn an important lesson.
[exhales loudly]
Go get 'er for me.
[gunshots]
-[device beeping]
-[gasp]
Kiwi is a flatline, bossman.
Nasty business…
[engine whirring]
Hey!
That can't be David!
[Rebecca and Falco screaming]
Don't stop 'til we reach the loading dock!
[Douglas] Faraday will be arriving
shortly to deliver the netrunner.
[Kate] As I thought.
Martinez is after our fixer, not us.
I'll order the pilot to turn around.
No,
keep them on course for the dock.
You'll meet them there.
…I will meet them there? [gasps]
You must have realized by now
that someone would have to take the fall
for this colossal clusterfuck,
and surely you knew it wouldn't be me.
-Still confused?
-[Douglas gasps]
Make sure that mangy fixer
never makes it past the loading dock.
Not a single step.
[scoffs]
You're up against the cyberskeleton.
Expect you'll have some fun, 'ey, Smasher?
It's a child's toy
reliant on antigrav training wheels.
Not even worth my time.
Kill him, you fools!
Fire at will!
Where is he?
No one's there!
[David] Look, Mom…
I'm here, very top of Arasaka Tower.
All right. One last vial left. …'Ey, Doc?
Once you go screaming over the edge,
it's all over.
Ain't no fucking coming back from that.
Doesn't matter if you're special or not.
[David laughs]
You were right.
But there's no other way… Not for me.
Faraday, it seems someone
didn't follow the plan.
I brought the runner girl, didn't I?
Alive, and worth
the full million as agreed.
You were given a leash
and chose to stray from it.
Do you know what happens to dogs
who have a habit of misbehaving?
Is that a threat?
The data you seek is still in my hands.
You'd waste this chance?
You will not step one foot
inside the facility.
This is non-negotiable.
That would be very unwise of you.
With the information I have
at my disposal,
you must surely see you cannot afford
to keep me off your payroll.
Leave the girl and remove yourself now.
We'll send your payment as agreed.
But we have no further use for you
if you're unable to provide data
on the cyberskeleton.
In this, you have failed your assignment.
-[Faraday gasps]
-[Lucy groans]
[David] Lucy…
David…
[gasping]
[indistinct overlapping voices]
[stammering, voice quivering]
[suspenseful music]
You see?
The cyberskeleton returned to you
as promised…
[groans]
Oh no, you don't.
You ain't flatlinin' just yet.
[groans]
Adam Smasher, hurry!
Go on, kill the boy!
Who the fuck are you?
You fuckin' merc! Do your job!
My business is with the kid.
That's Adam Smasher?
So this is Adam Smasher in the chrome?
NC boogeyman of legend.
You're packing some pretty heavy artillery
for your size, boy.
I'm surprised you could string
two words together.
Likewise, choom.
Heard you went no-ganic full-borg,
so I gotta ask. Any brain left
in that chrome dome of yours?
You could say I'm special.
Well, so the fuck am I!
-That a joke?
-[gasps]
-[engine droning]
-[grunts, gasps]
[Faraday] Trauma Team!
[man 8] This is 1-1-0-8-1-2 HQ.
Thank god you made it…
-[screams]
-[gunshot]
Can you really afford distractions now?
[groaning]
[screams]
♪ I couldn't wait for you
To come clear the cupboards ♪
♪ But now you're going to leave
With nothing but a sign ♪
♪ Another evening
I'll be sitting reading in between ♪
♪ The lines ♪
♪ Because I miss you all the time ♪
David, come on! Can you hear me?
I'm right here.
It's me, it's Lucy! Please!
David, come back to me! [sobs]
Come back…
♪ …Yourself to know ♪
♪ And let yourself go ♪
♪ You know you didn't lose
Your self-control ♪
♪ Let's start at the rainbow ♪
[gasps]
Lucy…
Oh, David…
-You installed it.
-Yeah.
Of course, you did… Knew you would.
And I knew you would die if you did.
I didn't want any of this.
I didn't wanna watch you die…
It's the only way I could protect you
from this damn city.
Just too many I couldn't save before.
My mom, Maine, and the others in our crew.
I couldn't let that happen.
Not to you, too.
But you never had to save me.
All I ever wanted was for you…
was for you to live.
I ain't worth it, Lucy.
Besides you, I got nothing left.
But you still have a dream
to stick around for.
I need you to see it through.
That's my dream. Honestly,
nothing else ever really mattered.
♪ 'Cause I did everything
To be there by your ♪
♪ Side-ide ♪
♪ So when you tell me I'm the reason
I just can't ♪
♪ Believe the lies ♪
♪ And why do I so want to call you
(Call you, call you, call you) ♪
These corpopricks
ever gonna give it a goddamn rest?
NCPD's joined in on the fun.
Settle and get comfy.
I'm starting to run low on lead…
-[engine droning]
-[shocked exclaim]
Hey, we made it,
Sure took your sweet time, gonkbrain.
Shut the fuck up!
-Falco.
-Yeah?
I need a favor.
[groan] No rest at all…
[exhales sharply]
-Glad you're back safe.
-Huh?
For David's sake, I mean.
[exhales]
[gasps] We're having a moment here--
Fuck yo--
[Falco] Rebecca!
[gasps]
-[groans]
-Son of a…
-[thud]
-[grunts, groans]
You have a Sandevistan?
A rudimentary implant.
I'm the one you're after, ain't I?
All the same meat to me.
I'll slaughter each and every one of you.
Not unless I zero your ass first!
[vomits]
[engine droning, crashing]
Out of suppressants?
-[David vomiting, groaning]
-Right on schedule.
No, you don't!
[grumbles]
-[satisfied exhale]
-[David groaning]
How did you?
[groans]
Falco… David's still back there… please.
Turn around!
None leave the slaughterhouse! Not alive!
Get distracted much?
You…
Who are you…
to challenge me?
You can't even stand
without your antigrav crutches.
You think you're special
'cause you're scrappy?
[groans]
Don't make me laugh!
[gasps]
-Falco! Turn back!
-No can do.
It was David's final request.
-[whimpers]
-If I turn around now…
he dies for nothing.
We already have our reward money.
David wants us to split it, you and me.
-[whimpers]
-He also told me to tell you…
-[grunts]
-[groans, vomits]
[David] Sorry.
Wish we could go to the moon together.
["I Really Want To Stay At Your House"
intro playing]
♪ And I'm awarе
That you were lying in the gutter ♪
[Smasher grunts]
♪ 'Cause I did everything
To be there by your side ♪
[grunts]
♪ So when you tell me I'm the reason
I just can't ♪
-[Smasher grunts]
-♪ Believe the lies ♪
♪ And why do I so want to call you
(Call you, call you, call you) ♪
[gasps]
♪ So what do you wanna do,
What's your point-of-view ♪
-[gasps]
-♪ There's a party soon ♪
-[groans, laughs]
-♪ Do you wanna go? ♪
♪ A handshake with you
What's your point-of-view? ♪
♪ I'm on top of you ♪
[Smasher] I had some fun, after all.
You know, you could prove
an interesting construct.
[scoffs] Whatever, choom.
Like I give a shit.
Oh, well.
[chuckles]
♪ You ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I don't know why I'm no-one ♪
♪ So, get away, Another way to feel ♪
♪ What you didn't want yourself to know ♪
♪ And let yourself go ♪
♪ You know you didn't lose
Your self-control ♪
[voice prompt 2] Thank you for joining us
on today's tour…
Experience lunar gravity
in a way no braindance can simulate…
♪ Is that a compromise ♪
[music ends]
[David] Whoa! Check this!
I can feel the sun!
-[gasps]
-♪ So what do you wanna do ♪
♪ What's your point-of-view ♪
♪ There's a party soon, do you wanna go? ♪
♪ A handshake with you ♪
♪ What's your point-of-view ♪
♪ I'm on top of you ♪
♪ I don't wanna go ♪
♪ 'Cause I really wanna stay ♪
♪ At your house ♪
♪ And I hopе this works out ♪
♪ But you know how much
You broke me apart ♪
♪ I'm done with you ♪
-[heavy breathing]
-♪ I'm ignoring you, I don't wanna know ♪
[music ends]
["Let You Down" intro playing]
♪ They will finally feel the flames ♪
♪ Flames that run down through my veins ♪
♪ I will make this city burn ♪
♪ We’re not planning to return ♪
♪ Trying so hard to be free ♪
♪ To make you see what I see ♪
♪ Hold on to your wishes ♪
♪ If you can’t hold on to me ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down again ♪
♪ Guess I’m not strong enough ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Let you down ♪
♪ Oh, let you down ♪
[music stops]